[OCPBUGS-add module from KCS article (#57592)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/move-etcd-different-disk.adoc

          TimeoutSec=0

          [Install]
          WantedBy=multi-user.target graphical.target
        enabled: true
        name: sync-var-lib-etcd-to-etcd.service
      - contents: |
          [Unit]
          Description=Restore recursive SELinux security contexts
          DefaultDependencies=no
          After=var-lib-etcd.mount
          Before=crio.service

          [Service]
          Type=oneshot
          RemainAfterExit=yes
          ExecStart=/sbin/restorecon -R /var/lib/etcd/
          TimeoutSec=0

          [Install]
          WantedBy=multi-user.target graphical.target
        enabled: true
        name: restorecon-var-lib-etcd.service

----

.  Create the machine configuration by entering the following commands:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login -u ${ADMIN} -p ${ADMINPASSWORD} ${API}
... output omitted ...
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f etcd-mc.yml
machineconfig.machineconfiguration.openshift.io/98-var-lib-etcd created
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login -u ${ADMIN} -p ${ADMINPASSWORD} ${API} [... output omitted ...] $ oc create -f etcd-mc.yml machineconfig.machineconfiguration.openshift.io/98-var-lib-etcd created
----
+

> The nodes update and reboot. After the reboot completes, the following events occur:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nodes are updated and rebooted. After the reboot is completed, the following events occur:
```
A couple of minor suggestions here. Unless the nodes update and reboot themselves, I think we need to adjust the wording to indicate that they are updated and rebooted by some other entity.

*  A restore of `SELinux` labels is forced for `/var/lib/etcd`.
*  The old content is not removed.
.  After the nodes are on a separate disk, update the machine configuration file, `etcd-mc.yml` with the following information:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfig
metadata:
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: master
  name: 98-var-lib-etcd
spec:
  config:
    ignition:
      version: 3.2.0
    systemd:
      units:
      - contents: |
          [Unit]
          Description=Mount /dev/sdb to /var/lib/etcd
          Before=local-fs.target
          Requires=systemd-mkfs@dev-sdb.service
          After=systemd-mkfs@dev-sdb.service var.mount

          [Mount]
          What=/dev/sdb
          Where=/var/lib/etcd
          Type=xfs
          Options=defaults,prjquota

          [Install]
          WantedBy=local-fs.target
        enabled: true
        name: var-lib-etcd.mount
----
. Apply the modified version that removes the logic for creating and syncing the device by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc replace -f etcd-mc.yml
----
+

> The previous step prevents the nodes from rebooting.

Reviewer 2: @tmalove what means of "The previous step prevents the nodes from rebooting."? which previous step? thanks

Reviewer 2: I suppose it's "oc replace" step, exact?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/recommended-host-practices.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="move-etcd-different-disk_{context}"]
= Moving etcd to a different disk

You can move etcd from a shared disk to a separate disk to prevent or resolve performance issues.

.Prerequisites

*  The `MachineConfigPool` must match `metadata.labels[“machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role]`. This applies to a controller, worker, or a custom pool.

> *  The node's auxiliary storage device, such as `/dev/sdb`, must match the sdb. Change this reference in all places in the file.

Reviewer 3: > `sdb` is the block device name (/storage/disk) presented to the VM/Instance available on the path

Thanks @mtulio for the explanation. I will get you merged up @tmalove.

          TimeoutSec=0

          [Install]
          WantedBy=multi-user.target graphical.target
        enabled: true
        name: sync-var-lib-etcd-to-etcd.service
      - contents: |
          [Unit]
          Description=Restore recursive SELinux security contexts
          DefaultDependencies=no
          After=var-lib-etcd.mount
          Before=crio.service

          [Service]
          Type=oneshot
          RemainAfterExit=yes
          ExecStart=/sbin/restorecon -R /var/lib/etcd/
          TimeoutSec=0

          [Install]
          WantedBy=multi-user.target graphical.target
        enabled: true
        name: restorecon-var-lib-etcd.service

----

.  Create the machine configuration by entering the following commands:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login -u ${ADMIN} -p ${ADMINPASSWORD} ${API}
... output omitted ...
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f etcd-mc.yml
machineconfig.machineconfiguration.openshift.io/98-var-lib-etcd created
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login -u ${ADMIN} -p ${ADMINPASSWORD} ${API} [... output omitted ...] $ oc create -f etcd-mc.yml machineconfig.machineconfiguration.openshift.io/98-var-lib-etcd created
----
+

> The nodes are updated and rebooted. After the reboot is completed, the following events occur:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The nodes are updated and rebooted. After the reboot completes, the following events occur:
```

+

> *  An XFS filesystem is created on the specified disk.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
*  An XFS file system is created on the specified disk.
```
